Update functions-and-methods.md (#7)
hylo-lang/GitBooks: Tour/functions-and-methods.md

# Functions and methods

> A function is a block of reusable code that performs a single action, or group of related actions. They are an essential tool for managing the complexity of a program as it grows.

Author: ```suggestion
Functions are blocks of reusable code that performs a single action, or group of related actions. They are an essential tool for managing the complexity of a program as it grows.
```
Plural to match "they" later
